README.md, before:

# gcip-iap-js for GCIP/IAP integration

This library implements the protocol used to integrate GCIP (Google Cloud's
Identity Platform) for third party authentication with IAP (Identity Aware
Proxy).
The developer will have to host a sign-in UI (or just use FirebaseUI) so
traffic can be routed to from IAP when a user tries to access a specific IAP
resource without being authenticated.

This repo is under construction and subject to change.

Refer to the
[GCIP/IAP design doc](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Jc8pgZd9Yr_Rg3yRQTiFz8Ole8MfD8Ut8_F8yUr3Alo/)
for more details.

This implementation will go through multiple phases:
Phase 1:
- One IAP resource maps to one GCIP tenant.
- One IAP resource maps to one GCIP project.

Phase 2:
- One IAP resource maps to multiple GCIP tenants.

More details will be needed for phase 2 to determine how a user will be routed
to the appropriate tenant when trying to access a specific resource with
multiple tenants.

## Table of Contents

1. [Developer Setup](#developer-setup)
1. [Contributing](#contributing)
1. [Alpha Package](#alpha-package)
1. [Usage instructions](#usage-instructions)

## Developer Setup

To set up a development environment to build the sample from source, you must
have the following installed:
- Node.js (>= 8.0.0)
- npm (should be included with Node.js)

```bash
git clone sso://team/cicp-eng/cicp-iap-js
cd cicp-iap-js
npm install
```
Note you need to be a member of mdb/cicp-eng in order to contribute to this repo.

## Contributing

If you want to submit CLs to the repo through gerrit, you will want to clone the
repo with the 'commit message hook' installed:

```bash
git clone sso://team/cicp-eng/cicp-iap-js && (cd cicp-iap-js && f=`git rev-parse --git-dir`/hooks/commit-msg ; curl -Lo $f https://gerrit-review.googlesource.com/tools/hooks/commit-msg ; chmod +x $f)
```

To begin code review:
```bash
# If this is the first commit of the CL, do:
git commit -am "Commit message"

# If you are responding to comments, do:
git commit --amend

# To upload the changes to gerrit:
git push origin HEAD:refs/for/master
```

To build the binary, run:
```bash
npm run build
```

This will generate an IIFE browser build (`index.iife.js`), a commonJS
build (`index.cjs.js`) and an ES6 module browser build (`index.esm.js`)
via `rollup` under `dist/`. The IIFE version can eventually be deployed via CDN
for developers who want to consume it this way.

To run various tests:
Unit tests: `npm run test:browser:unit`
Integration tests: `npm run test:browser:integration`
Lint and unit tests: `npm test`

Browsers tests are run using karma with `HeadlessChrome`. Additional browsers
will be added along with future integration with saucelab.

Integration tests will eventually be run in conjunction with `FirebaseUI`.

Code coverage is generated with above tests in a summary form and displayed
in the terminal window at the conclusion of the test.
Detailed coverage is generated in HTML form accessible from the `/coverage`
generated folder.

The library is expected to run in browsers only. It will also depend on `URL`,
`fetch` and `Promise` APIs which are not available in all browsers.
Developers who want to support these browsers are expected to provide
polyfills for them as peer dependencies.

## Alpha Package

Every time changes are made to the sample app or ciap library, the alpha
package has to be regenerated. However, before that, ensure that the patch or
minor version of the package version (package.json) is updated.

Before building the package, make sure no sensitive information is leaked in
the sample folders.

Regenerate the alpha package by running:
```bash
npm run build-alpha
```

This will generate the file `dist/gcip-iap-x.y.z.tar.gz` file. This will then
need to be uploaded to the shared folder:
`https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/14LFq6NbbRhxbKUWv5dhJZ7yGp3_kZzb3?usp=sharing`
Note that sample app READMEs will not be copied to the alpha directory.
Instructions for using the sample apps are provided in the user guide.

To clean up all intermediate files afterwards, run:
```bash
npm run clean
```

## Usage Instructions

End to end testing is still not possible as there is no mechamism yet to
configure the resource to tenant mapping on the IAP side and the IAP
endpoints have not been created yet.

When the above is ready, a project with GCIP and IAP will need to be
configured. A mapping defining the IAP resource to GCIP tenant and the
corresponding URL where the sign-in UI will be hosted have to be provided via
the Cloud Console UI.

The library can then be used on the sign-in page.
This can be illustrated as shown, using FirebaseUI.

```javascript
// Import Firebase dependencies.
import firebase from '@firebase/app';
import '@firebase/auth';

// Import FirebaseUI dependencies.
// firebaseui.auth.FirebaseUiHandler is required to be implemented.
import * as firebaseui from 'firebaseui';

// Import GCIP/IAP module (using local build).
import * as ciap from './dist/index.esm.js';

// The project configuration.
const configs = {
  API_KEY1: {
    authDomain: 'project-id1.firebaseapp.com',
    tenants: {
      tenantId1: {
        // Tenant1 supports Google and Email sign-in.
        signInOptions: [
          firebase.auth.GoogleAuthProvider.PROVIDER_ID,
          firebase.auth.EmailAuthProvider.PROVIDER_ID,
        ]
      },
      tenantId2: {
        // Tenant2 supports OIDC providers.
        signInOptions: [
          {provider: 'oidc.myProvider1'},
          {provider: 'oidc.myProvider2'},
        ]
      },
      tenantId3: {
        // Tenant3 supports SAML providers.
        signInOptions: [
          {provider: 'saml.myProvider1'},
          {provider: 'saml.myProvider2'},
        ]
      },
    }
  },
  API_KEY2: {
    authDomain: 'project-id2.firebaseapp.com',
    tenants: {
      _: {
        // Agent project supports Google and Email sign-in.
        signInOptions: [
          firebase.auth.GoogleAuthProvider.PROVIDER_ID,
          firebase.auth.EmailAuthProvider.PROVIDER_ID,
        ]
      },
      tenantId4: {
        // Tenant4 supports OIDC providers.
        signInOptions: [
          {provider: 'oidc.myProvider1'},
          {provider: 'oidc.myProvider2'},
        ]
      },
    }
  },
};

// This will handle the underlying handshake for sign-in, sign-out,
// token refresh, safe redirect to callback URL, etc.
const handler = new firebaseui.auth.FirebaseUiHandler(
    '#firebaseui-auth-container', configs);
const ciapInstance = new ciap.Authentication(handler);
ciapInstance.start();
```

Commit message:

Adds web driver e2e tests.
This will require the following:
- GCIP should be enabled and email/password provider enabled.
- The project has to be manually whitelisted / configured for IAP usage.
- The service account JSON files needs to be provided in `test/resources/key.json`.
- The associated sample GAE app deployed. This is the one in `sample/app`.
- Chrome browser installed.

To run E2E tests:
```bash
npm run test:e2e
```

Design doc available at: http://go/gcip-iap-js-e2e

b/137772717

Change-Id: I4a2126ba890946e5b2236acd99db8bd6c21921c4

README.md, after:

# gcip-iap-js for GCIP/IAP integration

This library implements the protocol used to integrate GCIP (Google Cloud's
Identity Platform) for third party authentication with IAP (Identity Aware
Proxy).
The developer will have to host a sign-in UI (or just use FirebaseUI) so
traffic can be routed to from IAP when a user tries to access a specific IAP
resource without being authenticated.

This repo is under construction and subject to change.

Refer to the
[GCIP/IAP design doc](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Jc8pgZd9Yr_Rg3yRQTiFz8Ole8MfD8Ut8_F8yUr3Alo/)
for more details.

This implementation will go through multiple phases:
Phase 1:
- One IAP resource maps to one GCIP tenant.
- One IAP resource maps to one GCIP project.

Phase 2:
- One IAP resource maps to multiple GCIP tenants.

More details will be needed for phase 2 to determine how a user will be routed
to the appropriate tenant when trying to access a specific resource with
multiple tenants.

## Table of Contents

1. [Developer Setup](#developer-setup)
1. [Contributing](#contributing)
1. [Alpha Package](#alpha-package)
1. [Usage instructions](#usage-instructions)

## Developer Setup

To set up a development environment to build the sample from source, you must
have the following installed:
- Node.js (>= 8.0.0)
- npm (should be included with Node.js)

```bash
git clone sso://team/cicp-eng/cicp-iap-js
cd cicp-iap-js
npm install
```
Note you need to be a member of mdb/cicp-eng in order to contribute to this repo.

## Contributing

If you want to submit CLs to the repo through gerrit, you will want to clone the
repo with the 'commit message hook' installed:

```bash
git clone sso://team/cicp-eng/cicp-iap-js && (cd cicp-iap-js && f=`git rev-parse --git-dir`/hooks/commit-msg ; curl -Lo $f https://gerrit-review.googlesource.com/tools/hooks/commit-msg ; chmod +x $f)
```

To begin code review:
```bash
# If this is the first commit of the CL, do:
git commit -am "Commit message"

# If you are responding to comments, do:
git commit --amend

# To upload the changes to gerrit:
git push origin HEAD:refs/for/master
```

To build the binary, run:
```bash
npm run build
```

This will generate an IIFE browser build (`index.iife.js`), a commonJS
build (`index.cjs.js`) and an ES6 module browser build (`index.esm.js`)
via `rollup` under `dist/`. The IIFE version can eventually be deployed via CDN
for developers who want to consume it this way.

### Unit tests:
Unit tests: `npm run test:unit`
Lint and unit tests: `npm test`

Browsers tests are run using karma with `HeadlessChrome`. Additional browsers
will be added along with future integration with saucelab.

Code coverage is generated with above tests in a summary form and displayed
in the terminal window at the conclusion of the test.
Detailed coverage is generated in HTML form accessible from the `/coverage`
generated folder.

The library is expected to run in browsers only. It will also depend on `URL`,
`fetch` and `Promise` APIs which are not available in all browsers.
Developers who want to support these browsers are expected to provide
polyfills for them as peer dependencies.

### E2E tests
This will require the following:
- GCIP should be enabled and email/password provider enabled.
- The project has to be manually whitelisted / configured for IAP usage.
- The service account JSON files needs to be provided in `test/resources/key.json`.
- The associated sample GAE app deployed. This is the one in `sample/app`.
- Chrome browser installed.

To run E2E tests:
```bash
npm run test:e2e
```

The test is quite fast and normally takes up to a minute to complete.
There is no mechanism to enforce running the test at the moment but we
require running it before any change.

It is currently automatically run before new alpha tarballs are generated.

## Alpha Package

Every time changes are made to the sample app or ciap library, the alpha
package has to be regenerated. However, before that, ensure that the patch or
minor version of the package version (package.json) is updated.

Before building the package, make sure no sensitive information is leaked in
the sample folders.

Regenerate the alpha package by running:
```bash
npm run build-alpha
```

This will generate the file `dist/gcip-iap-x.y.z.tar.gz` file. This will then
need to be uploaded to the shared folder:
`https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/14LFq6NbbRhxbKUWv5dhJZ7yGp3_kZzb3?usp=sharing`
Note that sample app READMEs will not be copied to the alpha directory.
Instructions for using the sample apps are provided in the user guide.

To clean up all intermediate files afterwards, run:
```bash
npm run clean
```

Note that the e2e tests will be run before the latest alpha package is generated.
It is required that these tests pass before the alpha package is generated.

## Usage Instructions

End to end testing is still not possible as there is no mechamism yet to
configure the resource to tenant mapping on the IAP side and the IAP
endpoints have not been created yet.

When the above is ready, a project with GCIP and IAP will need to be
configured. A mapping defining the IAP resource to GCIP tenant and the
corresponding URL where the sign-in UI will be hosted have to be provided via
the Cloud Console UI.

The library can then be used on the sign-in page.
This can be illustrated as shown, using FirebaseUI.

```javascript
// Import Firebase dependencies.
import firebase from '@firebase/app';
import '@firebase/auth';

// Import FirebaseUI dependencies.
// firebaseui.auth.FirebaseUiHandler is required to be implemented.
import * as firebaseui from 'firebaseui';

// Import GCIP/IAP module (using local build).
import * as ciap from './dist/index.esm.js';

// The project configuration.
const configs = {
  API_KEY1: {
    authDomain: 'project-id1.firebaseapp.com',
    tenants: {
      tenantId1: {
        // Tenant1 supports Google and Email sign-in.
        signInOptions: [
          firebase.auth.GoogleAuthProvider.PROVIDER_ID,
          firebase.auth.EmailAuthProvider.PROVIDER_ID,
        ]
      },
      tenantId2: {
        // Tenant2 supports OIDC providers.
        signInOptions: [
          {provider: 'oidc.myProvider1'},
          {provider: 'oidc.myProvider2'},
        ]
      },
      tenantId3: {
        // Tenant3 supports SAML providers.
        signInOptions: [
          {provider: 'saml.myProvider1'},
          {provider: 'saml.myProvider2'},
        ]
      },
    }
  },
  API_KEY2: {
    authDomain: 'project-id2.firebaseapp.com',
    tenants: {
      _: {
        // Agent project supports Google and Email sign-in.
        signInOptions: [
          firebase.auth.GoogleAuthProvider.PROVIDER_ID,
          firebase.auth.EmailAuthProvider.PROVIDER_ID,
        ]
      },
      tenantId4: {
        // Tenant4 supports OIDC providers.
        signInOptions: [
          {provider: 'oidc.myProvider1'},
          {provider: 'oidc.myProvider2'},
        ]
      },
    }
  },
};

// This will handle the underlying handshake for sign-in, sign-out,
// token refresh, safe redirect to callback URL, etc.
const handler = new firebaseui.auth.FirebaseUiHandler(
    '#firebaseui-auth-container', configs);
const ciapInstance = new ciap.Authentication(handler);
ciapInstance.start();
```
