sample/authui/README.md, before:

# CICP/IAP Authentication UI Quickstart

This sample demonstrates how to integrate a CICP authentication UI with
a GAE application gated with Cloud IAP. While this sample is hosted with
Firebase Hosting, it could be hosted using any other service. Firebase
Hosting was chosen to demonstrate cross domain authentication and the
ability to use the same authentication UI with multiple IAP resources.

## Table of Contents

1. [Prerequisite](#prerequisite)
2. [Installation](#installation)
3. [Deploy](#deploy)
4. [Next steps](#next-steps)

## Prerequisite

You need to have created a CICP Project in the
[Cloud Console](https://pantheon.corp.google.com/customer-identity/providers/).

## Installation

To set up a development environment to build the sample from source, you must
have the following installed:
- Node.js (>= 8.0.0)
- npm (should be included with Node.js)

Download the sample application source and its dependencies with:

```bash
git clone sso://team/cicp-eng/cicp-iap-js
cd cicp-iap-js
npm install
# Build JS binary
npm run build
```

Generate the latest development `firebaseui` tarball which implements the
`AuthenticationHandler` interface required to work with CIAP JS library.
Save the file in `sample/authui` as `firebaseui.tgz`.

Generate the latest development `firebase` JS SDK tarball which supports
multi-tenancy and `AuthCredential` serialization required for `firebaseui`
dependency.
Save the file in `sample/authui` as `firebase.tgz`.

Install all dependencies for the sample AuthUI:

```bash
cd sample/authui
npm install
```

Install the Firebase command line tool with `npm install -g firebase-tools` (See
[docs](https://firebase.google.com/docs/cli/#setup)).

Enable multi-tenancy for the CICP project and configure a couple of
tenants with different sign-in providers. You can do this using the
Firebase Admin SDK multi-tenancy management API currently under development.

Deploy the sample app to one of your own Firebase Hosting instance,
configure it using the following command:

```bash
firebase use --add
```

Select the project you have created in the prerequisite, and type in `default` or
any other name as the alias to use for this project.

Note that it is not a requirement to have the same Firebase Hosting project
as your CICP project. It is only done here for convenience. Firebase Hosting
is merely used as a static file hosting service here. However, if a
different project is used, the Firebase hosting domain has to be whitelisted
in the CICP list of authorized domains.

Copy `src/sample-config.json` to `src/config.json`:

```bash
cp src/sample-config.json src/config.json
```

Then copy and paste the Web snippet code corresponding to your CICP project
into the `config.json` file.

Update the multi-tenancy configuration in `src/script.js`.
You will need to substitute the tenant ID/IdP configurations in `uiConfigs`.

## Deploy

To deploy the authentication UI, in the same directory `sample/authui`, run:
```bash
npm run start
```

This will deploy the authentication UI to
`https://firebase-project-id.firebaseapp.com`.

You can use this URL as your authentication URL when configuring IAP.

## Next steps

You are now ready to [deploy your GAE applications](../app/README.md).

Commit message:

Provides a custom authentication handler with email/password sign-in/sign-up. This will be hosted on https://cicpclientproj.firebaseapp.com/custom This will co-exist with the FirebaseUI handler to be hosted in root path.
For now a CDN with the latest core Auth instance is used to support multi-tenancy.

Bootstrap is used for app styles and components.

The sample app is deployed but not yet functional:
https://cicpclientproj.firebaseapp.com/custom?apiKey=AIzaSyACN4P8mS_g8fLCSOG8LDgDrfx9XVj2DB0&mode=signout

Change-Id: Ic8b9094580d806e35dd82110b30d4a7b5d2906c4

sample/authui/README.md, after:

# CICP/IAP Authentication UI Quickstart

This sample demonstrates how to integrate a CICP authentication UI with
a GAE application gated with Cloud IAP. While this sample is hosted with
Firebase Hosting, it could be hosted using any other service. Firebase
Hosting was chosen to demonstrate cross domain authentication and the
ability to use the same authentication UI with multiple IAP resources.

## Table of Contents

1. [Prerequisite](#prerequisite)
2. [Installation](#installation)
3. [Deploy](#deploy)
4. [Next steps](#next-steps)

## Prerequisite

You need to have created a CICP Project in the
[Cloud Console](https://pantheon.corp.google.com/customer-identity/providers/).

## Installation

To set up a development environment to build the sample from source, you must
have the following installed:
- Node.js (>= 8.0.0)
- npm (should be included with Node.js)

Download the sample application source and its dependencies with:

```bash
git clone sso://team/cicp-eng/cicp-iap-js
cd cicp-iap-js
npm install
# Build JS binary
npm run build
```

Generate the latest development `firebaseui` tarball which implements the
`AuthenticationHandler` interface required to work with CIAP JS library.
Save the file in `sample/authui` as `firebaseui.tgz`.

Generate the latest development `firebase` JS SDK tarball which supports
multi-tenancy and `AuthCredential` serialization required for `firebaseui`
dependency.
Save the file in `sample/authui` as `firebase.tgz`.

Install all dependencies for the sample AuthUI:

```bash
cd sample/authui
npm install
```

Install the Firebase command line tool with `npm install -g firebase-tools` (See
[docs](https://firebase.google.com/docs/cli/#setup)).

Enable multi-tenancy for the CICP project and configure a couple of
tenants with different sign-in providers. You can do this using the
Firebase Admin SDK multi-tenancy management API currently under development.

Deploy the sample app to one of your own Firebase Hosting instance,
configure it using the following command:

```bash
firebase use --add
```

Select the project you have created in the prerequisite, and type in `default` or
any other name as the alias to use for this project.

Note that it is not a requirement to have the same Firebase Hosting project
as your CICP project. It is only done here for convenience. Firebase Hosting
is merely used as a static file hosting service here. However, if a
different project is used, the Firebase hosting domain has to be whitelisted
in the CICP list of authorized domains.

Copy `src/sample-config.json` to `src/config.json`:

```bash
cp src/sample-config.json src/config.json
```

Then copy and paste the Web snippet code corresponding to your CICP project
into the `config.json` file.

Update the multi-tenancy configuration in `src/script.js`.
You will need to substitute the tenant ID/IdP configurations in `uiConfigs`.

## Deploy

To deploy the authentication UI locally, in the same directory `sample/authui`, run:
```bash
npm run start
```

This will deploy the authentication UI to
`https://localhost:5000`.

To deploy the authentication UI to production, in the same directory
`sample/authui`, run:

```bash
npm run deploy
```

This will deploy the authentication UI to
`https://firebase-project-id.firebaseapp.com`.

You can use this URL as your authentication URL when configuring IAP.

## Next steps

You are now ready to [deploy your GAE applications](../app/README.md).
